Clarify BIDS dataset organization and distribution considerations (#688)
bids-standard/bids-website: docs/getting_started/folders_and_files/derivatives.md

```bash
my_analysis/
sourcedata/
raw/
      sub-01/
      ...
      dataset_description.json
preprocessed/
sub-01/
...
  dataset_description.json
```

Note that the `sourcedata/` and `derivatives/` subdirectories constitute dataset boundaries.
Any subfolders of these directories may be validated independently, if they are BIDS datasets
which would be indicated by presence of `dataset_description.json` file(s) in them with a
REQUIRED `"BIDSVersion"` key.
It is important to note that their contents must not affect the interpretation of the nested
or containing datasets.

One potential disadvantage to nesting a BIDS Derivative dataset inside a BIDS Raw dataset, or vice versa,
is that packaging them for independent sharing or publication can become more complicated.

#### 3. BIDS Study with sourcedata/raw and derivatives/

It is also possible to completely avoid nesting of BIDS Raw datasets into BIDS Derivative datasets (or vice versa),
by simply placing them in separate folders, namely `sourcedata/` and `derivatives/` at root level:

```bash
my_study/
  sourcedata/
    raw/
      sub-01/
      ...
derivatives/

> preprocessed/

Author: those can't be at top level,...

with or without the datasets used to generate them.
This is necessary for storage and bandwidth constraints,
as well as to permit the distribution of derivatives when the source data are restricted.
Similarly, BIDS Raw datasets should be interpretable and distributable without
all possible derivatives produced from them.

This independence affords flexibility in the relative organization of datasets.

> The following examples show three ways to organize, relative to each other,

Reviewer: > The following examples show three ways to organize, relative to each other,
> a raw BIDS dataset, a preprocessed derivative dataset, and an analysis that uses both as inputs.

GitHub won't let me apply the suggestion to the entire sentence, but I think we should delete the sentence and change it to the following:

```suggestion
The following examples show three ways to organize datasets:

1. A BIDS Raw dataset with derivative preprocessed and analysis data.
2. A BIDS Derivative dataset which uses both raw and preprocessed data as inputs.
3. A BIDS dataset with raw and derivative data.
```

    analysis/
  sub-01/
  ...
  dataset_description.json
```

Disadvantage is that such organization would complicate distribution of the raw BIDS dataset

> by itself as it would require explicit exclusion of datasets within its `derivatives/` folder.

Reviewer 2: I'm not following this sentence.

Reviewer 2: Ah, now I understand. I think I would do this:

```suggestion
```

Author: The *full sentence* could be 

```suggestion
The disadvantage of storing derivatives under `derivatives/` folder of the raw BIDS dataset 
is that such organization would complicate distribution of the raw BIDS dataset
by itself as it would require explicit exclusion of datasets within its `derivatives/` folder.
```

Does that convey the message?

A BIDS Derivative dataset may contain references to its input datasets
(could be BIDS Raw, non-BIDS or even other BIDS Derivatives) in the `sourcedata/` subdirectory:

```bash
my_analysis/
  sourcedata/
    raw/
      sub-01/
      ...
      dataset_description.json
    preprocessed/
  sub-01/
  ...
  dataset_description.json
```

> Disadvantage here is similar -- distribution of such BIDS Derivative dataset alone would
> require explicit exclusion of the datasets within its `sourcedata/` folder.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Note that the `sourcedata/` and `derivatives/` subdirectories constitute dataset boundaries.
Any subfolders of these directories may be validated independently, if they are BIDS datasets
which would be indicated by presence of `dataset_description.json` in them with a
REQUIRED `"BIDSVersion"` key.
It is important to note that their contents must not affect the interpretation of the nested
or containing datasets.

It is also possible to completely avoid nesting of datasets by simply placing them in a folder

> containing both `sourcedata/` and `derivatives/` at the same time:

Reviewer: For me the term nesting is a bit confusing as the example below has a set of nested directories.

> It is also possible to completely avoid nesting of "raw" datasets into "derivative" datasets (or vice versa),
> by simply placing them in a folder containing both `sourcedata/` and `derivatives/`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
One potential disadvantage to nesting derivatives inside source datasets, or vice versa,
is that packaging them for independent sharing or publication can become more complicated.
An alternative that completely avoids nesting of datasets is
simply to place them in a folder containing both `sourcedata/` and `derivatives/`:
```

Reviewer 3: I find that's a confusing phrasing. 
```suggestion
It is also possible to completely avoid nesting of "raw" datasets into "derivative" datasets (or vice versa),
by simply placing them in separate folders, namely `sourcedata/` and `derivatives/` at root level:
```
